Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Dad?
Mom?
Mo...m?
EPISODE 1
Please. give some food.
Hey. handsome!
What? What?
You want to fight?
-You want to fight?
-It's nothing.
Be careful.
What were you doing?
What?
She's here.
Ticket!
Come on!
Hurry. please!
It hurts.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
Korean.
Please help me. mister. huh?
Bad men are coming.
Please help me. huh?
Please help me.
Help me! Please! Help me!
Save me. please!
Save me.
Miss!
I'm done playing hide-and-seek.
Let's go home.
No!
Troublemaker.
Come on!
Stay still!
Stop.
Go on.
Go!
Shit.
We got a robbery on platform two.
A robbery on platform two.
Mister. can you help me?
Oh. please.
Sir.
My dad is in Madrid.
Take me there. please.
It's true.
My dad will give you a big reward
if you bring me to him.
I can't. Just go.
No. I'm serious.
Bad people are taking me.
Save me. please!
-Sir. really...
-Go away.
Please.
If the police are so bad. I'm even worse.
Let go.
And don't live like that.
Oh. please.
Please trust me. please.
Please trust me. Just this once.
Hey there!
Come here!
Please help me.
Help me.
Go.
Hands up!
Why?
I have a question for you.
Oscar! Where are you?
Save me. save me!
Please save me!
Help.
Please help me.
Please. save me.
Help me.
Please help me! Please help me.
Mister. help me. mister.
Help me. help me.
Police.
Scram!
Save me.
I said get lost.
Oh. help me! Please help me.
Save me!
Don't go.
Oscar!
Airport. please.
6 MONTHS LATER. SEOUL
What? Hey.
This is too hard. No.
Yes. boss.
It's annoying as hell!
The banner came off coz' of the wind.
They want it fixed right away.
What do we do?
Earliest we can head over is tomorrow.
Help us.
You can handle this on your own.
What can I do for you?
I'm here to fix a banner.
We're closed.
They called for help.
Do you have an ID?
-No.
-Then you can't head in.
Come back tomorrow.
Hold on.
Just wait a second.
You can't send him away.
The boss said he wants it fixed right now.
I remember him from last time.
You can't enter without an ID.
You're in trouble.
The boss was scolded by his wife too.
-His wife?
-Yes.
Me?
How long will the banner take?
Maybe twenty. thirty minutes.
Oh my.
Thank you.
No worries.
People like us get paid a day rate.
Can't go home without work.
My son's having a hard time
finding work too.
Anyway. the wind is so strong.
Will you be alright?
Yes.
Wow!
INDEPENDENT CANDIDATE
JANG SE-JOON
What you doing?
Just pouring wine.
Wine?
-Slowly.
-Slowly?
I don't do slowly.
Stories of the good people in our lives.
People. Jeong Ji-hyeon
Our guest today is Choi Yoo-jin.
-A round of applause. please.
-Wait.
Hello.
-Welcome.
-Thank you.
You must be as busy as your husband
Senator Jang Se-joon.
Thanks for making it here.
No. I'm not busy.
You see her every day.
Do you know why we
brought you here tonight?
-Let's hear her talk.
-I don't know.
We conducted a public poll on
First Lady candidates.
You won first place
from all age demographics.
from age twenty to seventy.
What?
So. you won first place
in the popularity poll
for presidential candidates' wives.
-I did?
-Yes.
Wow.
Not at all.
It's widely known that you're a great wife
to your husband.
I don't do much.
I just make sure he never skips breakfast.
Wow. you cook him breakfast every morning?
I'm embarrassed to say this.
but I think I spoiled him.
He's a picky eater.
so he won't eat
if it's not my home cooked meals.
I see.
We've all heard that you're a good cook.
Not at all.
It's just that
guests of our home love to flatter me.
You host guests too?
And cook all the food?
Yes.
It's not much.
That's amazing.
Stop.
How impolite.
Okay.
Huh?
Today. I'm super impolite.
Oh. look at you.
You need to be punished.
SENATOR JANG SE-JOON OFFICE
Get that camera.
-Make sure you get it.
-Yes.
Close them.
You...
Today...
Rest well. It'll be over soon.
No entry allowed.
I know. I shoot the shots now.
Granny!
Granny. no!
No. no. no!
Anyone here?
What is this?
This is P1. This is P1.
Crew. do you copy? Do you copy?
-Yes. I...
-I'm on my way. Stay put.
Yes. sir.
Shit!
Oh. shit!
Get me out now!
Get me out of here!
Step away!
Granny. granny!
Granny!
Granny.
Locate VIP. Locate VIP.
Arrest. Arrest.
-Check VIP location.
-Move.
Emergency alert.
Hurry. strike force is here.
Roger.
Withdraw!
Clear out!
Granny.
Granny. are you okay?
The Senator?
They didn't get through his room.
Call 911! Call 911!
Office! One ambulance. please.
Control room. unlock his room's door.
It's unlocked.
On that note.
people often credit where
Senator Jang is today
to the help of his in-laws. right?
In-laws?
Oh. does he have another wife?
Very funny.
But you are the eldest daughter
of the JB Group.
And JB Group is one of the country's
largest companies.
Honestly. I feel bad for him.
If he had married someone else.
not me.
people would have credited him alone
for all his success.
Is there a story here?
My deceased father
hated to see me marry a politician.
So you were disowned by President Choi
because of
your husband...
I'm sorry. that was
an insensitive question.
No. that's okay.
Both men and women
have to stay faithful
to the person they love. right?
You deeply love Senator Jang. it seems.
So much that you gave up your fortune.
Yes.
And even now. I deeply respect
my husband.
-Coming!
-Let's go.
-How's the patient?
-Get out!
How is she?
How's the patient?
Please tell me. what's she like?
Banner handyman...
Yes.
That glass?
Does that mean you have
no share of JB Group
at all right now?
I thought you had
some inheritances before your marriage.
Ah.
From before I was married?
I've donated all of that.
Oh. the Pyeongchang
Scholarship Foundation?
Yes.
But we've heard that
the board members of the foundation
have a special relationship with you.
If that's true.
don't you still own
hefty shares of JB Group?
Wait. they're asking for a cut.
Let's pause for commercials.
We'll hear your response
after commercials.
Commercial time.
Ji-hyeon.
Yeah?
I've told you that...
I don't want to discuss that.
Yoo-jin.
Somebody has to bring it up.
Wouldn't it hurt less if I did it?
Right?
Everyone has a problem
they don't want to discuss.
For instance. for you.
your son.
Commercials are over.
Returning now. Mics on. please.
Let's get started.
Sorry. I got carried away.
Yes. Ji-hyeon.
Stick to the script.
The interview today was so heartwarming.
Really? Thanks.
I was so nervous.
No. you sounded so natural.
and looked so beautiful.
Excuse us.
-What?
-Yes.
All good. I'll take care of it.
Oh. yeah. ma'am.
Oh. wait.
Thanks for today.
I baked these myself. Hope they're good.
I'm so touched. ma'am.
Can I take a picture of it?
What?
No need.
I can't even eat it. I'll keep it forever.
Thank you.
Again?
Which one?
We're not finished investigating yet.
but Senator Park...
Tale as old as time.
Cookies baked by the Madam herself.
Behind it is her twenty-year-old bag.
I love and respect you. Madam.
Heart. heart.
-What are you doing?
-Literally in love.
She baked these herself.
Really?
-Let's share them!
-No!
It's my family heirloom now.
-Come on.
-Admire the picture instead.
Wow.
Lovely!
What should we do?
Just say someone broke in
and took our campaign promises document.
Yes. ma'am.
So. the girl...
Keep for now.
-She'll be useful later.
-Yes. ma'am.
I'm good.
I got more wrinkles.
How old is she?
What?
The...girl.
Around late twenties.
Not underage this time. then.
It's me.
I'm eating your homecooked
breakfast from tomorrow?
You looked good on television.
Oh. okay.
I'm guessing you took care of it.
And regarding the banner handyman.
please take special care of him.
He happened to see
my face. you know?
Banner...handyman?
I see.
Hello? Preisdent Guk?
Yes.
What are you hiding from me?
What could I hide from you?
How dare I...
I shouldn't be feeling this way.
but I'm disappointed in you.
Ma'am. no. please.
I just didn't want to bother you
with small matters...
Yes. yes. I'm so sorry.
I'll take care of it and get back to you.
Yes. have a great evening.
How does she know already?
Strike team is out?
Yes. they'll get him soon.
All for a handyman.
-Is this the only angle?
-Yes.
Wait a minute. Go back.
Yes. there.
What...
Secretary Jo.
-Return the strike team.
-What?
Or we'll all die.
What do you mean?
Secretary Jo.
You've become a good bluffer ever since
working for a senator.
They'll be in danger.
Come on.
Captain Jo. I mean...
Secretary Jo. you used to have him in
your special mission unit. you said?
Yes.
I got it.
You want to make a point about
how strong your mission unit was.
-No.
-Secretary Jo!
You seem to have trouble understanding.
I also value my life.
so I sent a whole strike team
to capture a handyman.
The JSS Squad.
the best in Korea.
You'll see what I mean soon.
Oh. well. well!
That douchebag.
Hurry.
Status report!
What's going on?
What happened?
-I'm glad.
-What?
What do you mean?
No one's dead.
You're still in the living room?
I'll be sleeping late tonight.
I'm waiting...
on a report.
Why?
There's another troublemaker besides me?
Your daughter.
Anna?
She ran away again.
She should've learned by now. really.
Must be the bad genes.
If something happens to her.
our deal is off.
Bravo!
What's wrong?
What's she doing?
SLEEP AID
You mean you missed that headline?
We couldn't have captured him with JSS.
Who sent you?
By the second time
I come to you. you will die.
I saw something at where
I wasn't supposed to be.
I'm sorry.
Pretty. just like your mother.
I remember everything.
Mom didn't kill herself.
That child is the reason.
That's why I had to live as her puppet
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm